We are coming towards the end of this module.
What is missing now is the relation between our places and our users to bring this back to your mind
again.
We have the structure and also we have users and places and now in the end the goal is to make sure
one user can create multiple places and one place belongs to exactly one user only.
But what does this mean for us still.
Well as we have our sign up logic now this means we can create the new user.
Well we also will create an I.D. for this user.
And this means if we now create a new place we want to make sure that if we create this new place this
place will contain the user I.D. So the d of the user ID belongs to and at the same time the place idea
will also be added to the user documents.
So to the user data now adding de Place I.D. to the user and the user I.D. to the place.
So on both documents is not required here as we're using a new secret database for secret databases.
This would be required but for no sequel we structure and define our queries for demonstration purposes.
We will follow this approach.
So to add the ideas in users and then places another important side note the sign up logic at the moment.
So creating a new user will return an idea.
And when we create the new plays we will copy and paste this idea in the end.
This approach will of course be changed in the authentication module of this course.
There you can log into a user and then the idea will automatically be added the place for the moment.
This is just a dummy code we use but the important thing now is if we create a user now we get the idea
and if we then create the place and provide this creator idea this creator idea will be stored in the
place and at the same time in the user document will store the corresponding place ideas.
Now this sounds very theoretical here.
Therefore let's dive into the code and let's start with creating the relation between places and users
and to establish this relation or this connection we have to change two things in the place.
J.S. and in the user test file let's start with plays chess here.
Here we have the creator of which so far was a dummy I.D. provided by us.
This should change now because now we want this creator to become a real creator I.D. a mongo D.B. I.D..
In the end and to tell Mongol TB that this is a real Hmong would be idea in the end.
We simply enter type Mongoose types object idea.
That's what you have to change here.
So with that the creator will be a real idea that has to be provided here and required can again be
set to true of course.
So we have to provide this idea but we have to add one additional thing here and this additional thing
is the ref property which finally allows us to establish a connection between our current play schema
and another schema.
And what is this other schema here.
Well our user schema.
So we have to add the model name here.
So user and place it right here as you reference this will become important later also been to use the
populate method.
But more about that in a few minutes.
With that we established de connection from a creative perspective.
Now we have to do the same thing for our places.
For that we can actually copy and paste this object and go to our users J S file and now we can paste
this code but one important difference of course here we now have to use the name of our police model
which was place
finders right here.
So that's the name I'm referring to.
And another important thing we said that one place can only belong to one user.
So here we have just the object this is fine.
But we said that one user can have multiple places.
Therefore we have to add an error here.
This is how we tell Mongoose that in documents based on the schema we have multiple places entries instead
of just one value with that the relation is almost established there is one additional thing that we
have to change though and this additional thing has to be changed in the user's controller because if
we go up here to our sign up we still have these places here assessing the property here.
We have to change our places because the starting value for the places will be an empty area.
Now once we add a new place this will automatically be added.
Therefore we also have to make sure to remove places up here from our constant like this so this was
step one we created the relation between places and users.
And we also defined the schema for each single place that gets added right here for our places property.
So this object defines each single place that gets added.
Let's now continue by creating a new place and make sure that the Creator I.D. is added to this place
and at the same time that place added is added to the creator.